couple. Daughter.
You've been suffering outside for so many years.
Ever since your mother and I found out about you.
It's a small day and four nights. I finally got it back for you.
yes. We are all worried about you.
couple. From now on, our Ye family will be the backbone of your experience.
You can do whatever you want. Dad helps you grow.
Okay, don't take a moment. I have lost money to you for so many years.
mom. Now your biological daughter has been found.
But I left her first. Your education must be dedicated and dedicated.
Why do you really want it? Even if you have lived in our house for so many years, you will find a couple now.
It's true that he was also present
See Yao Yao forever
They will both be sad
After all, I have suffered so much outside
I miss sister Yao Yao
They will definitely regard me as someone in the beauty industry.
After all, I'm just a fake
After being the eldest lady of the business family for so many years,
It's time to give her back to you
What happened? Yao Yao
What fake
You are all business eldest ladies and gentlemen.
You don’t really want to throw Yao Yao away, do you?